Multi-GPU - Add information- how to export AQ_DRM_DEVICES for uwsm users (#872)
hyprwm/hyprland-wiki: pages/Configuring/Multi-GPU.md

You should now be able to use an integrated GPU for lighter GPU loads,
including Hyprland, or default to your dGPU if you prefer.

{{< callout type=info >}}

> [uwsm](../../Useful-Utilities/Systemd-start) users are adiviced to export `AQ_DRM_DEVICES` variable inside `~/.config/uwsm/env-hyprland`, instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[uwsm](../../Useful-Utilities/Systemd-start) users are advised to export the `AQ_DRM_DEVICES` variable inside `~/.config/uwsm/env-hyprland`, instead. 
```
